Questions
1. Reveal Persionality Type Logic ?
2. Reveal My Fragrance ?  (May be Using Targeter)

Development
1. Questions page UI & backend Development.
           a.  UI Fields should be tied to backend and up on form submission(Go to point b) 
           b.  where to save the the information filled in the form.
           c.  Do we have to create the new table & repository.

2. Reveal Personality Type & How do you Feel Backend & UI Development.
           a. When Form is submitted how do we fetch the personality type text.
           b. How do you Feel Backend (page a & page b). Images should be displayed based on the personality type.

3. Fragrance Finder Summary UI & Backend Development.
          a. Fetch the products from the repository based on the personality type.
          b. Render on UI.

4. Add to Cart UI Logic.
        
5. Add to Cart Backend Development.
                  Handling Bundle Products R&D
                  Display Added products in Rich Cart development(Currently code dont not displays samples in RichCart)

6. CheckOut Flow landing scnerios( Based on the Items in the cart).
          Question: Requirement says in case of Scnerio 1. User should land on to LogIn page
                         1. Do we need to land on shipping page if user is already logged In from home page.
           a. Backend Development to Identify and redirect to respective Flow(see below scnerio 1 & 2).

7. BasketPage Scnerio UI Logic.
       Question: If Customer removes the Fragnace sample. Does bounce backCard should also be deleted from cart?
          a. For scnerio 2 implement UI logic (See Basket Page Scnerio).
          b. Development to handle add&remove scnerios of Bounce Back Card.

8. Order Review (Scnerios 1 & 2).
         a. Order Review backend development for acheving scnerio 1 & 2.

9. Shipping Charges Scnerios.
        a. Backend logic to acheive shipping changes for scnerio 1 & 2

10. Need to some research on Point 5 & 8 from Consideration section

Clarifications Required:
 1. In Consideration section point 3. Since we are not handling the Questions Page not sure from exactly data should be cleared. Is it stored in any repository.
 2. Since we are not handling the Questions Page backend development. Need some clarification from the team who developed this.
 3. How does Customer goes back to where he left. Is there any link(Is it through link as mentioned in point 7)?
 
Scnerio 
Scnerio 1. only Fragnace + sample
                -- Land Directly on Shipping Page
                -- Shipping Charges should be free
                
Scnerio  2.  Fragnace + sample + other products
                -- Land on Basket Page
                -- Fragnace & sample should not be able to edit.
                -- Shipping charges logic should be same as current in site.
                -- Orders Should be in the order as mentioned in requirement.

Basket Page Scnerio: Fragnace Samples Should be editable
